docs(occ): update maintenance mode section (#10244)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_server/occ_command.rst

Run commands in maintenance mode
--------------------------------

> In maintenance mode, apps are not loaded [1]_, so commands from apps are unavailable. The commands, which are available in maintenance mode, are integrated into Nextcloud server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In maintenance mode, apps are not loaded [1]_, so commands from apps are unavailable. Commands integrated into Nextcloud server are available in maintenance mode.
```

easier to read imo

> We recommend avoiding the use of maintenance mode unless the command explicitly prompts you to do so or unless the commands' documentation explicitly states that maintenance mode should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We discourage the use of maintenance mode unless the command explicitly prompts you to do so or unless the commands' documentation explicitly states that maintenance mode should be used.
```
